fix(docs): Fix typo in admin permission name (#959)
modelix/modelix.core: docs/global/modules/core/pages/reference/component-model-server.adoc

The `permissions` claim of the token is expected to list directly granted permission.
Additional granted permissions may be derived from that list.

> For example, an `model-server/admin` permission on a repository will grant write permission on all branches.

Reviewer: This is talking about admin permissions for a repository. e.g. `repository/someRepositoryId/admin`

Author: [f4b4161](https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/pull/959/commits/f4b4161e9ad1948c657684af2602cb975bd29746) fixed this. Thank you for the fix!

> For example, an `model-server/admin` permission on a repository will grant write permission on all branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an `model-server/admin` permission gives access to all repositories and administrative action. `repository/someRepository/admin` on the other hand gives only permission to do everything in the repository "someRepository".
```
